---
layout: page
title: Introduction
subtitle: So what is soccerbot all about?
---
The intention behind soccerbot is clear: **Create a bot, that will
give you all the information you will ever need on on soccer within
your discord server**.

This project will do exactly that. It is able to call up various
statistics, post live match updates (**all with links to goals if
such are available**) and give you as a discord admin the tools
to keep it up to date and work with it, all within Discord.

Details on features and roadmap are available [here](features.md)
To get it running klick the [Quickstart](quickstart.md) link.
There is also full documentation about all commands within Discord
[here](documentation.md).

A quick warning at the end of this paragraph: This website and
the documentation containing it, will always respond to the latest
stable version, tagged on github. Don't expect experimental
features documented here. Docstrings can be of help in case you
want to use experimental features and the code should be pretty
much self explainable.

## Some notes on future development
With version 1.1.0 released (and its following smaller fixes), an
initial major (and more or less stable) release of soccerbot has arrived.
For the foreseeable future, this version should be used, and all
documentation here will reference this version for now.

Due to the rising amount of requirements and stuff i actually want to
do with the bot (including removing the entanglement to discord), i
will rework most of the codebase, to better reflect the backend and
frontend side of the code. This rework will also include a massive
amount of optimization, multiprocessing approach (the backend and each
frontend will run in their dedicated processes) and much much more
data, that is accessible within the data. As soon as i make tangible
progress, a link to the progress page can be found here.

## Showcasing
If you are interested on how the bot looks like in production, check out
the [Football discord](https://discord.gg/NPt55Ed). It was/is
produced for that community.

## Getting help

There are generally two ways to receive help:

* **General Help**: Come on to the discord server for this bot. The invite link
is [here](https://discord.gg/wGDvGR9) and use #help channel for that.
You can also see the most experimental features of the bot on
that server (which of course means the bot is not up 24/7) and
check them out if you like.
* **Feature Requests & Bugs**: If you encounter any kind of bug
with the bot, don't hesitate to open an issue on github. Please
be specific in your request and its use case, otherwise does
requests won't live long. If you encounter a bug, please provide
the debug.log file generated by the bot, and the exact scenario
when you encounter the bug.


## Getting involved

You want to get involved? Do a bugfix yourself? Implement a feature yourself? Well of course you can do that. Simply fork the repo, make your changes and create a pull request. I try to be as quick as possible with reviewing it. Promise.
